I don't even know where to start. I am 31, male, and health wise am pretty healthy. I do have big depression and anxiety issues and have been on meds all of my life for that. I exercise daily and eat a healthy diet. I don’t smoke and don’t drink anymore. I just quit in the past few months after too many over drinking situations where I got sick. I’m just done with it and it wasn’t a good mix with anxiety plus my career requires top notch condition to do well.

Anyway, we will see if this is the right section for this but I have been desperately searching and posting for help. My doctor is no help and just prescribes meds. I’m currently looking for new doctors and hope to visit one ASAP. I just need help. Bad.

It all started a few years back when I started getting sick while riding in the passenger seat. I never threw up but I would get to where I HAD to get out. The catch was this wasn’t on the road but at work where I teach performance racing driving. I can’t work programs where I have to ride now.

It escalated and once I got sick driving myself on a track. Most say I dehydrated myself during the race and caused total exhaustion and nauseated symptoms but it felt like motion sickness. It really bothered me. The track was very hilly so a lot of up and down with moderate g forces.

The past months I’ve started getting motion sickness easier. Even sometimes just driving on the road. I can’t ride shotgun on the road anymore for the most part either. I’m almost scared to do what I love now.

So here are the most recent symptoms:

-Motion sick when riding passenger.

-Queezy Racing some and karts

-Full/nauseous/queezy after dinners

-Sometimes hard to fall asleep due to stress or unwell feeling.

-Loud startling noise can cause dizziness for a second quick burst of nauseous feeling. Even if wife coughs and I’m falling asleep.

-Changing direction too quickly with head or tilting up causes a sensation similar to going fast over a jump in stomach. Not always but sometimes.

-Sometimes nauseous after dinner and burp like food isn’t all the way down. Undigested or something.

-Sometimes the sensation is almost a hungry stomach roll but hard to tell the difference sometimes in nauseous and hunger.

My doctor says it’s related to my sinuses. He says my sinuses are swollen including in my ears causing the imbalance feeing. I don’t think that’s it. It’s something else. It has to be.

He told me to take 4 OTC allergy meds all at once for a month (on top of the other drugs I take for anxiety and depression). I tried two for a few weeks and nothing changed.

I don’t know if it’s anxiety, GERD, I’m broken, or even really is sinuses but it’s totally effecting my way of life and costing me thousands. I’m feeling hopeless by the day. Any help or even telling me this isn’t the right section and where it should be is greatly appreciated.

I had a urine infection last week and took a three day course of trimethoprim now three days after finishing the course I still feel nauseous even though the infection has gone and my ibs has flared again.

Antibiotics can make you feel awful. I am allergic to one type and others made me feel sick, increased my abdominal pain and gave me looser stools and thrush which I had to take more medication for. Try yoghurt after your antibiotics to rebuild your good gut flora which can be lost after antibiotics. IBS can also make urinary problems worse.

I've had severe(yellow) diarrhea, abdominal cramps, and vomiting for two weeks.

I was prescribed Novaclav 625mg antibiotics, loperamide hydrochloride 2mg, and probiotics for three days. While taking this course, I felt somewhat better. But by day 4, I was very dehydrated and went to a local hospital.

They then gave me stat doses of IV DNS+MVL, Drotin IV, Emeset 4mg IV, and Pantop 40 IV. Following this, I was prescribed with 5 days of T. Ciplox TZ, T. Mehrogyl 200, C. Imodium, C Dorolac, and Oral Rehydration Salts.

During this second round of meds, I felt somewhat better. However I'm still vomitting after eating/drinking more than tiny bits. I am also feeling stomach cramping and having yellow diarrhea.

I've talked to my doctor and the hospital staff and they are convinced that I am just having upset stomach due to the local food or water. I believe those are not the causes- i only drink purified bottled water (which I've drank for two years with no problem) and since being sick, I've only eaten plain, simple food like rice or toast without spices.

What could be the cause of this?

I traveled to Mumbai days before getting sick and live in Delhi, India. Since getting sick, I've only eaten simple foods like plain rice and bread. Water has all been double filtered. That means that the infection first happened 2 weeks ago in Mumbai and two rounds of antibiotics haven't gotten rid of this problem.

I'm vaccinated for everything currently recommended for travelers in India by the World Health Organization (WHO).

This illness probably isn't bacterial or viral, else the two weeks of treatment would have given me relief.

Maybe you have become intolerant to something in your diet that you weren't intolerant to before and are unaware of it. A change of diet doesn't always cause problems. You can suddenly develop reactions to foods that you were fine with in the past. Still try a food diary to see if what you are eating at present is the cause. For example, I didn't have an intolerance to certain fatty foods when I was a child, but when I reached my late teens, I developed problems digesting certain fatty foods. I still have this problem but not as bad as before. Avoidance of these trigger foods stops my bad reactions.

Try eliminating bread and other foods containing gluten. You may have trouble with gluten which can manifest as non celiac gluten intolerance where you can eat a little gluten, or celiac disease which means you can't eat any gluten. Symptoms of celiac can include abdominal pain and diarrhoea. Ask for celiac blood test and or an endoscopy to identify it. However, for these tests, you need to be eating gluten containing foods for the test to be accurate. Bread might be the culprit.

I have a bad habit - started about 4 months ago - of burping up food I've eaten. Google calls this "regurgitation." I remember the moment it first started - I was doing a push-up at the gym and I almost damaged the workout pad I was using when a little bit came out of my mouth. So that tells me that what was coming up was fairly acidic.

Fast forward to tonight - after eating too much oily beef broth for lunch, I'm finding myself nauseous, and burping up food to try to relieve the sensation. And I'm noticing something odd. What's coming up out of my stomach is not just beef broth, but also the walnuts I had for breakfast, and everything tastes exactly the same as it did when it went down. It's neither sour nor bitter, but salty and oily, with bits of walnut.

This tells me that the walnuts I ate 12 hours ago are still in my stomach, completely undigested.

I'm like a bird momma, except I don't have anyone to feed except myself.

Does anyone have any light to shed on this? What's going on with my stomach? Should I see a professional?

Aside from all the burping, which is quite gross to anyone but me I'm sure, the only "symptoms" I could name are the re-appearance of eczema on both my hands and extremely dry skin. Some would interpret that as a deficiency of some sort. Otherwise, my sleep is good, appetite is present, can't complain about bowel movements.

I sometimes regurgitate food and I also get a lot of acid reflux. I find OTC antacids or milk really help me. Eczema tends to come and go in bouts It can be connected to stress or a food trigger. Try a food diary to identify a problem food and note down if there are any foods that are not digesting well. Have you had any recent stress? this can also upset the gut and cause reflux. My reflux began after exam stress.


